Initial README.md with directory structure (#1)
ACCESS-Community-Hub/CMIP6-Input-Scripts: README.md

# CMIP6-Input-Scripts

> This repository is an archive of old scripts that may have been used to create model input files from CMIP6 forcings. The scripts are preserved as-is. If updated or replacement scripts are needed for CMIP6 or CMIP7 forcings, please use either the https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/CMIP7-Input repository or the [MOSRS ancil/contrib](https://code.metoffice.gov.uk/doc/ancil/ants/latest/contributing.html#contribute-code) repository as appropriate. For more documentation on CMIP forcing processing, see the [ACCESS-NRI/CMIP7-Input Wiki](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/CMIP7-Input/wiki).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is an archive of scripts that may have been used to create model input files from CMIP6 forcings. The scripts are preserved as-is. They are being preserved for provenance purposes. There is no intention to modify or update them. 

If updated or replacement scripts are needed for CMIP6 or CMIP7 forcings, please use either the https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/CMIP7-Input repository or the [MOSRS ancil/contrib](https://code.metoffice.gov.uk/doc/ancil/ants/latest/contributing.html#contribute-code) repository as appropriate. For more documentation on CMIP forcing processing, see the [ACCESS-NRI/CMIP7-Input Wiki](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/CMIP7-Input/wiki).
```

Reviewer: Suggesting to add a little more explanation of why this repo exists.
